Link to the docs we're telling them to read (#184)
ferrous-systems/rust-training: training-slides/src/advanced-strings.md

They are predominantly used when doing FFI with external code.

> It is strongly recommended you read *all* of the [documentation](https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/ffi/struct.CString.html) on these types before using them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is strongly recommended you read *all* of the [documentation](https://doc.rust-lang.org/std/ffi/index.html) on these types before using them.
```

Perhaps up one level is better, because there are two types mentioned here each with their own docs.
